
My grandmother used a lot of funny symbols in her cooking.  There's the hat-c, meaning "with'.  She uses the old notation for pound: #.  Sometimes she uses "lb".

Part of editing one of these fool things is trying to keep it consistent, and its one of those "die trying" sort of things.

Sometimes you use what works at the time.

My source information was a mediumly-high resution scan of the cardset taken in teh summer of 2004 when I was looking after my dad one week in the summer before my folks would move out of my childhood home.  I was taking steps to help oranize thirty years of cruft and came across this unlabeled, anonymous box containing a treasure te.

This being said, the scans and my grandmother's handwriting at times do not lend themselves well to transcription.  The scan for page 46 "Moussaka" is clearly written as "Mou" and then some "s" or "a" shapped latters and, oh, maybe an "a" or an "l" or something.

Being a doctor did not help, nor did her affection towards blue-ink fountain pens.

A number of the ingredients are store-bought and used directly.  Often times the name has become more generic as time goes on and this edit reflects that.  Most of the "Knox gelatine" has become "unflavored gelatine", since most cooks will know the two equivalent if they see them, but its not universally as clear that Knox has the market cornered in some of the strange reaches of the planet these recipes can now exist in.

I'm sure my gramma never had any idea things would be so weirdly universal in this era.

Probably wouldn't have done anything different either.

My grandmother had a fairly nutty way of organizing things that perpetually drove my own mother nuts when she'd try to use the cards as I remember.  Marinated Mushrooms -- under Marinated?  Mushrooms?  A cheap bit of confusion, though in some cases things were filed under both, though the two ingredients wouldn't be equivalent.

("Beer Muffins" were just now under "Muffins".  Perhaps this is the sort of thing to be worked out on the dust jacket.

Perhaps at some day in the future I'll try to reproduce that here.  

Then again, maybe not...

Owing to the nature of the database which expects one block of ingredients and one block of instructions, some instructions had to be changed to reflect their combining into one text.
